Introduction
============

These are a series of IPython Notebooks for exploring complex mathematical
concepts in chemistry. The notebooks are organized in folders according to
their area of application.

The Python script 'run_notebook.py' simply starts the notebook from folder
that it is located. This alleviates the need to understand the command line
instructions to navigate to a particular folder and start the IPython
notebook. Just drop a copy of this script into the desired folder and run it
with Python. The method to run the script will be a little different depending
on your OS and installation method. (If double-clicking the icon doesn't work.
Try right-clicking on the icon. There may be an option to "Run with..." where
you can choose the Python interpreter.)

Installation
============

These Notebooks don't require any installation, *per se*. However, in order to
run these Notebooks, you will need a minimal install of the newest releases of
Python 2, Numpy, Matplotlib, Scipy, and IPython with all their associated
dependencies. This can be quite time consuming, but installation instructions
and binary installers for each package can be found from their respective
websites.

By far, the easiest way to install the necessary packages is to use one of the
prepackaged options for your operating system, such as Python(x,y) 
(Windows), Enthought Python Distribution (all OSes), or Anaconda (all OS,
broken uninstaller for Windows as of v1.2.1).

Some specific installation notes are provided here for reference.

EPD
---

The Enthought Python Distribution (EPD) has a very convenient package
management system, *enpkg*, which allows you to update packages with a few
simple commands. The only tricky part is that you must use the *sudo* command
when executing these commands on on a Mac/Linux.

https://support.enthought.com/entries/22415022-Using-enpkg-to-update-EPD-packages

Other Useful Sites
------------------

http://fperez.org/py4science/starter_kit.html


